The `MultiAssayExperiment` class is a Bioconductor container for multimodal studies. This is basically a list of `SummarizedExperiment` objects, each of which represents a particular experimental modality. A mapping table specifies the relationships between the columns of each `SummarizedExperiment` and a conceptual "sample", assuming that each sample has data for zero, one or multiple modalities.  A sample can be defined as anything from a cell line culture to an individual patient, depending on the context.

The central idea is to use the sample mapping to easily filter the `MultiAssayExperiment` based on the samples of interest. For example, a user can call [`multifilter`](@ref) to only keep the columns of each `SummarizedExperiment` that correspond to desired samples via the sample mapping. This facilitates coordination across multiple modalities without needing to manually subset each experiment. We also store sample-level annotations in a sample data `DataFrame`, where they can be easily attached to the `coldata` of a `SummarizedExperiment` for further analyses.

This implementation makes a few changes from the original Bioconductor implementation. We do not consider the `MultiAssayExperiment` to contain any "columns", as this was unnecessarily confusing. The previous `colData` field has thus been renamed to `sampledata`, to reflect the fact that we are operating on samples. We are also much more relaxed about harmonization between the experiments, sample mapping, and sample data - or more specifically, we don't harmonize at all, allowing greater flexibility in storage and manipulation.
