```
result = analyze(strata, flist, steering; outlist=[], logfile="pssfss.log", resultfile="pssfss.res", showprogress::Bool=true, fastsweep=true)
```

Analyze a full FSS/PSS structure over a range of frequencies and steering angles/phasings.   Generate output files as specified in `outlist`.

## Positional Arguments

  * `strata`:  A vector of `Layer` and `RWGSheet` objects. The first and last entries must be of type `Layer`.
  * `flist`: An iterable containing the analysis frequencies in GHz.
  * `steering`: A length 2 `NamedTuple` containing as keys the steering parameter labels and as values the iterables that define the values of steering parameters to be analyzed.

      * one of {`:phi` ,`:ϕ`} and one of {`:theta`, `:θ`}, or
      * one of {`:psi1` ,`:ψ₁`} and one of {`:psi2`, `:ψ₂`}.

    All steering parameters are input in degrees.  Examples of valid `steering` tuples: `(θ=0, ϕ=0)`, `(theta=0:10:60, phi=[0, 45])`, `(theta=40, ϕ=90)`, `(psi1=0, psi2=90)`, `(ψ₁=0, psi2=34.3)`. 

    The program will analyze while iterating over a triple loop over the two steering  parameters and frequency, with frequency in the innermost loop (i.e. varying the fastest). The steering parameter listed first will be in the outermost loop and will therefore vary most slowly.

## Keyword Arguments

  * `outlist`:  A matrix with 2 columns.  The first column in each row is a string containing the name of the CSV file to write the output to.  The second entry in each row is a tuple generated by the `@outputs` macro of the `Outputs` module. The  contents of the specified file(s) will be updated as the program completes each analysis frequency.
  * `logfile`:  A string containing the name of the log file to which timing and other  information about the run is written. Defaults to `"pssfss.log"`. If this file already exists, it will be overwritten.
  * `resultfile`:  A string containing the name of the results file. Defaults to `pssfss.res`. If this file already exists, it will be overwritten.  It is a binary file that contains information (including the generalized scattering matrix) from  the analysis performed for each scan condition and frequency. The result file can be post-processed to produce similar or additional outputs that were requested at run time via the `outlist` argument.
  * `showprogress`: If true (default), then show progress bar during execution.
  * `fastsweep`: If true (default) use an interpolated fast sweep for each frequency loop.

## Return Value

  * `result`: A vector of `Result` objects, one for each scan angle/frequency combination. This  vector can be passed as an input to the [`extract_result`](@refs) function to obtain any desired  performance parameters that are supported by the [`@outputs`](@refs) macro.
