```
    GammaCorrection <: AbstractHistogramAdjustmentAlgorithm
    GammaCorrection(; gamma = 1)

    adjust_histogram([T,] img, f::GammaCorrection)
    adjust_histogram!([out,] img, f::GammaCorrection)
```

Returns a gamma corrected image.

# Details

Gamma correction is a non-linear  transformation given by the relation

$$
f(x) = x^\gamma \quad \text{for} \; x \in \mathbb{R}, \gamma > 0.
$$

It is called a *power law* transformation because one quantity varies as a power of another quantity.

Gamma correction has historically been used to preprocess an image to compensate for the fact that the intensity of light generated by a physical device is not usually a linear function of the applied signal but instead follows a power law [1]. For example, for many Cathode Ray Tubes (CRTs) the emitted light intensity on the display is approximately equal to the voltage raised to the power of γ, where γ ∈ [1.8, 2.8]. Hence preprocessing a raw image with an exponent of 1/γ  would have ensured a linear response to brightness.

Research in psychophysics has also established an [empirical  power law ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stevens%27s_power_law)  between light intensity and perceptual brightness. Hence, gamma correction often serves as a useful image enhancement tool.

# Options

Various options for the parameters of the `adjust_histogram` function and the `Gamma` type are described in more detail below.

## Choices for `img`

The function can handle a variety of input types. The returned image depends on the input type.

For colored images, the input is converted to YIQ type and the Y channel is gamma corrected. This is the combined with the I and Q channels and the resulting image converted to the same type as the input.

## Choice for `gamma`

The `gamma` value must be a non-zero positive number. A `gamma` value less than one will yield a brighter image whereas a value greater than one will produce a darker image. If left unspecified a default value of one is assumed.

# Example

```julia
using ImageContrastAdjustment, ImageView

# Create an example image consisting of a linear ramp of intensities.
n = 32
intensities = 0.0:(1.0/n):1.0
img = repeat(intensities, inner=(20,20))'

# Brighten the dark tones.
imgadj = adjust_histogram( img, GammaCorrection(gamma = 1/2))

# Display the original and adjusted image.
imshow(img)
imshow(imgadj)
```

# References

1. W. Burger and M. J. Burge. *Digital Image Processing*. Texts in Computer Science, 2016. [doi:10.1007/978-1-4471-6684-9](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4471-6684-9)
