```
aws_mqtt_connection_options
```

host_name The server name to connect to. This resource may be freed immediately on return. port The port on the server to connect to client_id The clientid to place in the CONNECT packet. socket_options The socket options to pass to the `aws_client_bootstrap` functions. This is copied into the connection tls_options TLS settings to use when opening a connection. This is copied into the connection Pass NULL to connect without TLS (NOT RECOMMENDED) clean_session True to discard all server session data and start fresh keep_alive_time_secs The keep alive value to place in the CONNECT PACKET, a PING will automatically be sent at this interval as well. If you specify 0, defaults will be used and a ping will be sent once per 20 minutes. This duration must be longer than ping_timeout_ms. ping_timeout_ms Network connection is re-established if a ping response is not received within this amount of time (milliseconds). If you specify 0, a default value of 3 seconds is used. Alternatively, tcp keep-alive may be away to accomplish this in a more efficient (low-power) scenario, but keep-alive options may not work the same way on every platform and OS version. This duration must be shorter than keep_alive_time_secs. protocol_operation_timeout_ms Timeout when waiting for the response to some operation requires response by protocol. Set to zero to disable timeout. Otherwise, the operation will fail with error AWS_ERROR_MQTT_TIMEOUT if no response is received within this amount of time after the packet is written to the socket. The timer is reset if the connection is interrupted. It applied to PUBLISH (QoS>0) and UNSUBSCRIBE now. Note: While the MQTT 3 specification states that a broker MUST respond, some brokers are known to ignore publish packets in exceptional circumstances (e.g. AWS IoT Core will not respond if the publish quota is exceeded). on_connection_complete The callback to fire when the connection attempt completes user_data Passed to the userdata param of on_connection_complete
