```
qqplot(x, y; kwargs...)
```

Draw a Q-Q plot, comparing quantiles of two distributions. `y` must be a list of samples, i.e., `AbstractVector{<:Real}`, whereas `x` can be

  * a list of samples,
  * an abstract distribution, e.g. `Normal(0, 1)`,
  * a distribution type, e.g. `Normal`.

In the last case, the distribution type is fitted to the data `y`.

The attribute `qqline` (defaults to `:none`) determines how to compute a fit line for the Q-Q plot. Possible values are the following.

  * `:identity` draws the identity line.
  * `:fit` computes a least squares line fit of the quantile pairs.
  * `:fitrobust` computes the line that passes through the first and third quartiles of the distributions.
  * `:none` omits drawing the line.

Broadly speaking, `qqline = :identity` is useful to see if `x` and `y` follow the same distribution, whereas `qqline = :fit` and `qqline = :fitrobust` are useful to see if the distribution of `y` can be obtained from the distribution of `x` via an affine transformation.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `qqplot` function is `QQPlot`.

## Attributes

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit linecolor`  — Control color of both line and markers (if `markercolor` is not specified).

**`cycle`** =  `[:color]`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`linestyle`** =  `nothing`  — *No docs available.*

**`linewidth`** =  `@inherit linewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`marker`** =  `@inherit marker`  — *No docs available.*

**`markercolor`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`markersize`** =  `@inherit markersize`  — *No docs available.*

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `@inherit markerstrokecolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`strokewidth`** =  `@inherit markerstrokewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
