```
contourf(xs, ys, zs; kwargs...)
```

Plots a filled contour of the height information in `zs` at horizontal grid positions `xs` and vertical grid positions `ys`.

`xs` and `ys` can be vectors for rectilinear grids or matrices for curvilinear grids, similar to how [`surface`](@ref) works.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `contourf` function is `Contourf`.

## Attributes

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap`  — *No docs available.*

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`extendhigh`** =  `nothing`  — In `:normal` mode, if you want to show a band from the high edge to `Inf`, set `extendhigh` to `:auto` to give the extension the same color as the last level, or specify a color directly (default `nothing` means no extended band).

**`extendlow`** =  `nothing`  — In `:normal` mode, if you want to show a band from `-Inf` to the low edge, set `extendlow` to `:auto` to give the extension the same color as the first level, or specify a color directly (default `nothing` means no extended band).

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`levels`** =  `10`  — Can be either

  * an `Int` that produces n equally wide levels or bands
  * an `AbstractVector{<:Real}` that lists n consecutive edges from low to high, which result in n-1 levels or bands

If `levels` is an `Int`, the contourf plot will be rectangular as all `zs` values will be covered edge to edge. This is why `Axis` defaults to tight limits for such contourf plots. If you specify `levels` as an `AbstractVector{<:Real}`, however, note that the axis limits include the default margins because the contourf plot can have an irregular shape. You can use `tightlimits!(ax)` to tighten the limits similar to the `Int` behavior.

**`mode`** =  `:normal`  — Determines how the `levels` attribute is interpreted, either `:normal` or `:relative`. In `:normal` mode, the levels correspond directly to the z values. In `:relative` mode, you specify edges by the fraction between minimum and maximum value of `zs`. This can be used for example to draw bands for the upper 90% while excluding the lower 10% with `levels = 0.1:0.1:1.0, mode = :relative`.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — *No docs available.*

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
