```
to_least_profitable_coalition_callback(ECModel::AbstractEC, base_group::AbstractGroup=GroupNC(); no_aggregator_group::AbstractGroup=GroupNC())
```

Function that returns a callback function that, given as input a profit distribution scheme, returns the coalition that has the least benefit in remaining in the grand coalition. The returned function least*profitable*coalition_callback accepts an AbstractDict as argument that specifies the profit distribution by user that is used to compute the least benefit procedure.

## Parameters

ECModel : AbstractEC     Cooperative EC Model of the EC to study.     When the model is not cooperative an error is thrown. base*group : AbstractGroup (optional, default GroupNC())     Base group with respect the benefit is calculated. no*aggregator*group : AbstractGroup (optional, default GroupNC())     Type of aggregation group of the community when no aggregator is available     When not provided, an equivalent NonCooperative model is created and the corresponding     utilities by user are used as reference case. number*of*solutions : (optional, default 1)     Number of solutions to be returned at every iteration     number*of*solutions <= 0: all solutions are returned     number*of*solutions >= 1: specific number of solutions are returned relax*combinatorial : (optional, default false)     When true, the full least profitable coalition MILP problem is relaxed to continuous,     in the combinatorial part direct*model : (optional, default false)     When true the JuMP model is direct callback*solution : Dict (optional, default empty)     Dictionary of callbacks depending on the termination status of the optimization.     Keys shall be of type JuMP.TerminationStatusCode, and outputs a function with as argument a ModelEC branching*priorities : Bool (optional, default true)      Option to specify if add the branching priorities decompose*ANC : Bool (optional, default false)     When True, if the no*aggregator*group is ANC and, then the main optimization model is decomposed     into two models: (a) when no Aggregator is in the coalition and (b) when the aggregator is in the coalition     In this case, (a) is optimized first and if the optimization is beyond a given threshold,     the execution is terminated without optimizing (b). The threshold is provided as an optional input     in the callback function returned by the function. Otherwise the optimization continues with (b). decompose*rel*tolerance : Float     Relative tolerance of the decompose*ANC procedure that compares the stopping criterion with the current result decompose*abs*tolerance : Float     Absolute tolerance of the decompose*ANC procedure that compares the stopping criterion with the current result

## Return

least*profitable*coalition_callback : Function     Function that accepts as input an AbstractDict representing the benefit distribution     by user
