```
barplot(positions, heights; kwargs...)
```

Plots a barplot.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `barplot` function is `BarPlot`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`bar_labels`** =  `nothing`  — Labels added at the end of each bar.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit patchcolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`color_over_background`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`color_over_bar`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`cycle`** =  `[:color => :patchcolor]`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`direction`** =  `:y`  — Controls the direction of the bars, can be `:y` (vertical) or `:x` (horizontal).

**`dodge`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`dodge_gap`** =  `0.03`  — *No docs available.*

**`fillto`** =  `automatic`  — Controls the baseline of the bars. This is zero in the default `automatic` case unless the barplot is in a log-scaled `Axis`. With a log scale, the automatic default is half the minimum value because zero is an invalid value for a log scale.

**`flip_labels_at`** =  `Inf`  — *No docs available.*

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`gap`** =  `0.2`  — The final width of the bars is calculated as `w * (1 - gap)` where `w` is the width of each bar as determined with the `width` attribute.

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`label_align`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`label_color`** =  `@inherit textcolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`label_font`** =  `@inherit font`  — The font of the bar labels.

**`label_formatter`** =  `bar_label_formatter`  — *No docs available.*

**`label_offset`** =  `5`  — The distance of the labels from the bar ends in screen units. Does not apply when `label_position = :center`.

**`label_position`** =  `:end`  — The position of each bar's label relative to the bar. Possible values are `:end` or `:center`.

**`label_rotation`** =  `0π`  — *No docs available.*

**`label_size`** =  `@inherit fontsize`  — The font size of the bar labels.

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`n_dodge`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`offset`** =  `0.0`  — *No docs available.*

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`stack`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`strokecolor`** =  `@inherit patchstrokecolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`strokewidth`** =  `@inherit patchstrokewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.

**`width`** =  `automatic`  — The gapless width of the bars. If `automatic`, the width `w` is calculated as `minimum(diff(sort(unique(positions)))`. The actual width of the bars is calculated as `w * (1 - gap)`.
