```
datashader(points::AbstractVector{<: Point})
```

!!! warning
    This feature might change outside breaking releases, since the API is not yet finalized. Please be wary of bugs in the implementation and open issues if you encounter odd behaviour.


Points can be any array type supporting iteration & getindex, including memory mapped arrays. If you have separate arrays for x and y coordinates and want to avoid conversion and copy, consider using:

```Julia
using Makie.StructArrays
points = StructArray{Point2f}((x, y))
datashader(points)
```

Do pay attention though, that if x and y don't have a fast iteration/getindex implemented, this might be slower than just copying the data into a new array.

For best performance, use `method=Makie.AggThreads()` and make sure to start julia with `julia -tauto` or have the environment variable `JULIA_NUM_THREADS` set to the number of cores you have.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `datashader` function is `DataShader`.

## Attributes

**`agg`** =  `AggCount{Float32}()`  — Can be `AggCount()`, `AggAny()` or `AggMean()`. Be sure, to use the correct element type e.g. `AggCount{Float32}()`, which needs to accommodate the output of `local_operation`. User-extensible by overloading:

```julia
struct MyAgg{T} <: Makie.AggOp end
MyAgg() = MyAgg{Float64}()
Makie.Aggregation.null(::MyAgg{T}) where {T} = zero(T)
Makie.Aggregation.embed(::MyAgg{T}, x) where {T} = convert(T, x)
Makie.Aggregation.merge(::MyAgg{T}, x::T, y::T) where {T} = x + y
Makie.Aggregation.value(::MyAgg{T}, x::T) where {T} = x
```

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`async`** =  `true`  — Will calculate `get_aggregation` in a task, and skip any zoom/pan updates while busy. Great for interaction, but must be disabled for saving to e.g. png or when inlining in Documenter.

**`binsize`** =  `1`  — Factor defining how many bins one wants per screen pixel. Set to n > 1 if you want a coarser image.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`interpolate`** =  `false`  — If the resulting image should be displayed interpolated. Note that interpolation can make NaN-adjacent bins also NaN in some backends, for example due to interpolation schemes used in GPU hardware. This can make it look like there are more NaN bins than there actually are.

**`local_operation`** =  `identity`  — Function which gets called on each element after the aggregation (`map!(x-> local_operation(x), final_aggregation_result)`).

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`method`** =  `AggThreads()`  — Can be `AggThreads()` or `AggSerial()` for threaded vs. serial aggregation.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`operation`** =  `automatic`  — Defaults to `Makie.equalize_histogram` function which gets called on the whole get*aggregation array before display (`operation(final*aggregation_result)`).

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`point_transform`** =  `identity`  — Function which gets applied to every point before aggregating it.

**`show_timings`** =  `false`  — Set to `true` to show how long it takes to aggregate each frame.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
