```
meshscatter(positions)
meshscatter(x, y)
meshscatter(x, y, z)
```

Plots a mesh for each element in `(x, y, z)`, `(x, y)`, or `positions` (similar to `scatter`). `markersize` is a scaling applied to the primitive passed as `marker`.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `meshscatter` function is `MeshScatter`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`backlight`** =  `0.0`  — Sets a weight for secondary light calculation with inverted normals.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit markercolor`  — Sets the color of the marker.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`cycle`** =  `[:color]`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`diffuse`** =  `1.0`  — Sets how strongly the red, green and blue channel react to diffuse (scattered) light.

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`marker`** =  `:Sphere`  — Sets the scattered mesh.

**`markersize`** =  `0.1`  — Sets the scale of the mesh. This can be given as a `Vector` to apply to each scattered mesh individually.

**`material`** =  `nothing`  — RPRMakie only attribute to set complex RadeonProRender materials.         *Warning*, how to set an RPR material may change and other backends will ignore this attribute

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`rotation`** =  `0.0`  — Sets the rotation of the mesh. A numeric rotation is around the z-axis, a `Vec3f` causes the mesh to rotate such that the the z-axis is now that vector, and a quaternion describes a general rotation. This can be given as a Vector to apply to each scattered mesh individually.

**`shading`** =  `automatic`  — Sets the lighting algorithm used. Options are `NoShading` (no lighting), `FastShading` (AmbientLight + PointLight) or `MultiLightShading` (Multiple lights, GLMakie only). Note that this does not affect RPRMakie.

**`shininess`** =  `32.0`  — Sets how sharp the reflection is.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`specular`** =  `0.2`  — Sets how strongly the object reflects light in the red, green and blue channels.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`transform_marker`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the (complete) model matrix applies to the scattered mesh, rather than just the positions. (If this is false, `scale!`, `rotate!` and `translate!()` will not affect the scattered mesh.)

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`uv_transform`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a transform for uv coordinates, which controls how a texture is mapped to the scattered mesh. Note that the mesh needs to include uv coordinates for this, which is not the case by default for geometry primitives. You can use `GeometryBasics.uv_normal_mesh(prim)` with, for example `prim = Rect2f(0, 0, 1, 1)`. The attribute can be `I`, `scale::VecTypes{2}`, `(translation::VecTypes{2}, scale::VecTypes{2})`, any of :rotr90, :rotl90, :rot180, :swap*xy/:transpose, :flip*x, :flip*y, :flip*xy, or most generally a `Makie.Mat{2, 3, Float32}` or `Makie.Mat3f` as returned by `Makie.uv_transform()`. It can also be set per scattered mesh by passing a `Vector` of any of the above and operations can be changed by passing a tuple `(op3, op2, op1)`.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
