```
streamplot(f::function, xinterval, yinterval; color = norm, kwargs...)
```

f must either accept `f(::Point)` or `f(x::Number, y::Number)`. f must return a Point2.

Example:

```julia
v(x::Point2{T}) where T = Point2f(x[2], 4*x[1])
streamplot(v, -2..2, -2..2)
```

## Implementation

See the function `Makie.streamplot_impl` for implementation details.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `streamplot` function is `StreamPlot`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`arrow_head`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`arrow_size`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `norm`  — One can choose the color of the lines by passing a function `color_func(dx::Point)` to the `color` attribute. This can be set to any function or composition of functions. The `dx` which is passed to `color_func` is the output of `f` at the point being colored.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`density`** =  `1.0`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`gridsize`** =  `(32, 32, 32)`  — *No docs available.*

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`joinstyle`** =  `@inherit joinstyle`  — *No docs available.*

**`linecap`** =  `@inherit linecap`  — *No docs available.*

**`linestyle`** =  `nothing`  — *No docs available.*

**`linewidth`** =  `@inherit linewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`maxsteps`** =  `500`  — *No docs available.*

**`miter_limit`** =  `@inherit miter_limit`  — *No docs available.*

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`quality`** =  `16`  — *No docs available.*

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`stepsize`** =  `0.01`  — *No docs available.*

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
