```
InlineStrings.String1(str::AbstractString)
InlineStrings.String1(bytes::AbstractVector{UInt8}, pos, len)
InlineStrings.String1(ptr::Ptr{UInt8}, [len])
```

Custom fixed-size string with a fixed size of 2 bytes. 1 byte is used to store the length of the string. If an inline string is shorter than 1 bytes, the entire string still occupies the full 2 bytes since they are, by definition, fixed size. Otherwise, they can be treated just like normal `String` values. Note that `sizeof(x)` will return the # of *codeunits* in an InlineStrings.String1 like `String`, not the total fixed size. For the fixed size, call `sizeof(InlineStrings.String1)`. InlineStrings.String1 can be constructed from an existing `String` (`InlineStrings.String1(x::AbstractString)`), from a byte buffer with position and length (`InlineStrings.String1(buf, pos, len)`), from a pointer with optional length (`InlineStrings.String1(ptr, len)`) or built iteratively by starting with `x = InlineStrings.String1()` and calling `x, overflowed = InlineStrings.addcodeunit(x, b::UInt8)` which returns a new InlineStrings.String1 with the new codeunit `b` appended and an `overflowed` `Bool` value indicating whether too many codeunits have been appended for the fixed size. When constructed from a pointer, note that the `ptr` must point to valid memory or program data may become corrupt. If the `len` argument is specified with the pointer, it must fit within the fixed size of InlineStrings.String1; if no length is provided, the C-string is assumed to be NUL-terminated. If the NUL-terminated string ends up longer than can fit in InlineStrings.String1, an ArgumentError will be thrown.
