```
violin(x, y)
```

Draw a violin plot.

## Arguments

  * `x`: positions of the categories
  * `y`: variables whose density is computed

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `violin` function is `Violin`.

## Attributes

**`bandwidth`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`boundary`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit patchcolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`cycle`** =  `[:color => :patchcolor]`  — *No docs available.*

**`datalimits`** =  `(-Inf, Inf)`  — Specify values to trim the `violin`. Can be a `Tuple` or a `Function` (e.g. `datalimits=extrema`).

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`dodge`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`dodge_gap`** =  `0.03`  — *No docs available.*

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`gap`** =  `0.2`  — Shrinking factor, `width -> width * (1 - gap)`.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`max_density`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`mediancolor`** =  `@inherit linecolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`medianlinewidth`** =  `@inherit linewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`n_dodge`** =  `automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`npoints`** =  `200`  — *No docs available.*

**`orientation`** =  `:vertical`  — Orientation of the violins (`:vertical` or `:horizontal`)

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`scale`** =  `:area`  — Scale density by area (`:area`), count (`:count`), or width (`:width`).

**`show_median`** =  `false`  — Show median as midline.

**`side`** =  `:both`  — Specify `:left` or `:right` to only plot the violin on one side.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `@inherit patchstrokecolor`  — *No docs available.*

**`strokewidth`** =  `@inherit patchstrokewidth`  — *No docs available.*

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.

**`weights`** =  `automatic`  — vector of statistical weights (length of data). By default, each observation has weight `1`.

**`width`** =  `automatic`  — Width of the box before shrinking.
