```
InlineStrings.String255(str::AbstractString)
InlineStrings.String255(bytes::AbstractVector{UInt8}, pos, len)
InlineStrings.String255(ptr::Ptr{UInt8}, [len])
```

Custom fixed-size string with a fixed size of 256 bytes. 1 byte is used to store the length of the string. If an inline string is shorter than 255 bytes, the entire string still occupies the full 256 bytes since they are, by definition, fixed size. Otherwise, they can be treated just like normal `String` values. Note that `sizeof(x)` will return the # of *codeunits* in an InlineStrings.String255 like `String`, not the total fixed size. For the fixed size, call `sizeof(InlineStrings.String255)`. InlineStrings.String255 can be constructed from an existing `String` (`InlineStrings.String255(x::AbstractString)`), from a byte buffer with position and length (`InlineStrings.String255(buf, pos, len)`), from a pointer with optional length (`InlineStrings.String255(ptr, len)`) or built iteratively by starting with `x = InlineStrings.String255()` and calling `x, overflowed = InlineStrings.addcodeunit(x, b::UInt8)` which returns a new InlineStrings.String255 with the new codeunit `b` appended and an `overflowed` `Bool` value indicating whether too many codeunits have been appended for the fixed size. When constructed from a pointer, note that the `ptr` must point to valid memory or program data may become corrupt. If the `len` argument is specified with the pointer, it must fit within the fixed size of InlineStrings.String255; if no length is provided, the C-string is assumed to be NUL-terminated. If the NUL-terminated string ends up longer than can fit in InlineStrings.String255, an ArgumentError will be thrown.
