```
tooltip(position, string)
tooltip(x, y, string)
```

Creates a tooltip pointing at `position` displaying the given `string

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `tooltip` function is `Tooltip`.

## Attributes

**`align`** =  `0.5`  — Sets the alignment of the tooltip relative `position`. With `align = 0.5` the tooltip is centered above/below/left/right the `position`.

**`backgroundcolor`** =  `:white`  — Sets the background color of the tooltip.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`font`** =  `@inherit font`  — Sets the font.

**`fontsize`** =  `16`  — Sets the text size in screen units.

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`inspectable`** =  `false`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`justification`** =  `:left`  — Sets whether text is aligned to the `:left`, `:center` or `:right` within its bounding box.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`offset`** =  `10`  — Sets the offset between the given `position` and the tip of the triangle pointing at that position.

**`outline_color`** =  `:black`  — Sets the color of the tooltip outline.

**`outline_linestyle`** =  `nothing`  — Sets the linestyle of the tooltip outline.

**`outline_linewidth`** =  `2.0`  — Sets the linewidth of the tooltip outline.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`placement`** =  `:above`  — Sets where the tooltip should be placed relative to `position`. Can be `:above`, `:below`, `:left`, `:right`.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `:white`  — Sets the text outline color.

**`strokewidth`** =  `0`  — Gives text an outline if set to a positive value.

**`text`** =  `""`  — *No docs available.*

**`textcolor`** =  `@inherit textcolor`  — Sets the text color.

**`textpadding`** =  `(4, 4, 4, 4)`  — Sets the padding around text in the tooltip. This is given as `(left, right, bottom, top)` offsets.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`triangle_size`** =  `10`  — Sets the size of the triangle pointing at `position`.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.

**`xautolimits`** =  `false`  — *No docs available.*

**`yautolimits`** =  `false`  — *No docs available.*

**`zautolimits`** =  `false`  — *No docs available.*
