Source: FMISpec2.0.2[p.49]: 2.2.7 Definition of Model Variables (ModelVariables)

Enumeration that defines the time dependency of the variable, in other words, it defines the time instants when a variable can change its value.

"constant": The value of the variable never changes. "fixed": The value of the variable is fixed after initialization, in other words, after fmi2ExitInitializationMode was called the variable value does not change anymore. "tunable": The value of the variable is constant between external events (ModelExchange) and between Communication Points (Co-Simulation) due to changing variables with causality = "parameter" or "input" and variability = "tunable". Whenever a parameter or input signal with variability = "tunable" changes, an event is triggered externally (ModelExchange), or the change is performed at the next Communication Point (Co-Simulation) and the variables with variability = "tunable" and causality = "calculatedParameter" or "output" must be newly computed. "discrete": ModelExchange: The value of the variable is constant between external and internal events (= time, state, step events defined implicitly in the FMU). Co-Simulation: By convention, the variable is from a “real” sampled data system and its value is only changed at Communication Points (also inside the slave). "continuous": Only a variable of type = “Real” can be “continuous”. ModelExchange: No restrictions on value changes. Co-Simulation: By convention, the variable is from a differential The default is “continuous”. Added prefix "fmi2" to help with redefinition of constans in enums.
