```
voxels(x, y, z, chunk::Array{<:Real, 3})
voxels(chunk::Array{<:Real, 3})
```

Plots a chunk of voxels centered at 0. Optionally the placement and scaling of the chunk can be given as range-like x, y and z. (Only the extrema are considered here. Voxels are always uniformly sized.)

Internally voxels are represented as 8 bit unsigned integer, with `0x00` always being an invisible "air" voxel. Passing a chunk with matching type will directly set those values. Note that color handling is specialized for the internal representation and may behave a bit differently than usual.

Note that `voxels` is currently considered experimental and may still see breaking changes in patch releases.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `voxels` function is `Voxels`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`backlight`** =  `0.0`  — Sets a weight for secondary light calculation with inverted normals.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `nothing`  — Sets colors per voxel id, skipping `0x00`. This means that a voxel with id 1 will grab `plot.colors[1]` and so on up to id 255. This can also be set to a Matrix of colors, i.e. an image for texture mapping.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`depthsorting`** =  `false`  — Controls the render order of voxels. If set to `false` voxels close to the viewer are rendered first which should reduce overdraw and yield better performance. If set to `true` voxels are rendered back to front enabling correct order for transparent voxels.

**`diffuse`** =  `1.0`  — Sets how strongly the red, green and blue channel react to diffuse (scattered) light.

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`gap`** =  `0.0`  — Sets the gap between adjacent voxels in units of the voxel size. This needs to be larger than 0.01 to take effect.

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`interpolate`** =  `false`  — Controls whether the texture map is sampled with interpolation (i.e. smoothly) or not (i.e. pixelated).

**`is_air`** =  `x->begin         #= /Users/atelierarith/.julia/packages/MakieCore/G1QFL/src/basic_plots.jl:626 =#         isnothing(x) || (ismissing(x) || isnan(x))     end`  — A function that controls which values in the input data are mapped to invisible (air) voxels.

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`material`** =  `nothing`  — RPRMakie only attribute to set complex RadeonProRender materials.         *Warning*, how to set an RPR material may change and other backends will ignore this attribute

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`shading`** =  `automatic`  — Sets the lighting algorithm used. Options are `NoShading` (no lighting), `FastShading` (AmbientLight + PointLight) or `MultiLightShading` (Multiple lights, GLMakie only). Note that this does not affect RPRMakie.

**`shininess`** =  `32.0`  — Sets how sharp the reflection is.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`specular`** =  `0.2`  — Sets how strongly the object reflects light in the red, green and blue channels.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`uv_transform`** =  `nothing`  — To use texture mapping `uv_transform` needs to be defined and `color` needs to be an image. The `uv_transform` can be given as a `Vector` where each index maps to a `UInt8` voxel id (skipping 0), or as a `Matrix` where the second index maps to a side following the order `(-x, -y, -z, +x, +y, +z)`. Each element acts as a `Mat{2, 3, Float32}` which is applied to `Vec3f(uv, 1)`, where uv's are generated to run from 0..1 for each voxel. The result is then used to sample the texture. UV transforms have a bunch of shorthands you can use, for example `(Point2f(x, y), Vec2f(xscale, yscale))`. They are listed in `?Makie.uv_transform`.

**`uvmap`** =  `nothing`  — Deprecated - use uv_transform

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
