```
Node{T} <: AbstractExpressionNode{T}
```

Node defines a symbolic expression stored in a binary tree. A single `Node` instance is one "node" of this tree, and has references to its children. By tracing through the children nodes, you can evaluate or print a given expression.

# Fields

  * `degree::UInt8`: Degree of the node. 0 for constants, 1 for   unary operators, 2 for binary operators.
  * `constant::Bool`: Whether the node is a constant.
  * `val::T`: Value of the node. If `degree==0`, and `constant==true`,   this is the value of the constant. It has a type specified by the   overall type of the `Node` (e.g., `Float64`).
  * `feature::UInt16`: Index of the feature to use in the   case of a feature node. Only used if `degree==0` and `constant==false`.    Only defined if `degree == 0 && constant == false`.
  * `op::UInt8`: If `degree==1`, this is the index of the operator   in `operators.unaops`. If `degree==2`, this is the index of the   operator in `operators.binops`. In other words, this is an enum   of the operators, and is dependent on the specific `OperatorEnum`   object. Only defined if `degree >= 1`
  * `l::Node{T}`: Left child of the node. Only defined if `degree >= 1`.   Same type as the parent node.
  * `r::Node{T}`: Right child of the node. Only defined if `degree == 2`.   Same type as the parent node. This is to be passed as the right   argument to the binary operator.

# Constructors

```
Node([T]; val=nothing, feature=nothing, op=nothing, l=nothing, r=nothing, children=nothing, allocator=default_allocator)
Node{T}(; val=nothing, feature=nothing, op=nothing, l=nothing, r=nothing, children=nothing, allocator=default_allocator)
```

Create a new node in an expression tree. If `T` is not specified in either the type or the first argument, it will be inferred from the value of `val` passed or `l` and/or `r`. If it cannot be inferred from these, it will default to `Float32`.

The `children` keyword can be used instead of `l` and `r` and should be a tuple of children. This is to permit the use of splatting in constructors.

You may also construct nodes via the convenience operators generated by creating an `OperatorEnum`.

You may also choose to specify a default memory allocator for the node other than simply `Node{T}()` in the `allocator` keyword argument.
