```julia
struct ODESystem <: ModelingToolkit.AbstractODESystem
```

A system of ordinary differential equations.

# Fields

  * `tag`: A tag for the system. If two systems have the same tag, then they are structurally identical.

  * `eqs`: The ODEs defining the system.
  * `iv`: Independent variable.
  * `states`: Dependent (state) variables. Must not contain the independent variable.

    N.B.: If `torn_matching !== nothing`, this includes all variables. Actual ODE states are determined by the `SelectedState()` entries in `torn_matching`.

  * `ps`: Parameter variables. Must not contain the independent variable.
  * `tspan`: Time span.
  * `var_to_name`: Array variables.
  * `ctrls`: Control parameters (some subset of `ps`).
  * `observed`: Observed states.
  * `tgrad`: Time-derivative matrix. Note: this field will not be defined until [`calculate_tgrad`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `jac`: Jacobian matrix. Note: this field will not be defined until [`calculate_jacobian`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `ctrl_jac`: Control Jacobian matrix. Note: this field will not be defined until [`calculate_control_jacobian`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `Wfact`: Note: this field will not be defined until [`generate_factorized_W`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `Wfact_t`: Note: this field will not be defined until [`generate_factorized_W`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `name`: The name of the system.

  * `systems`: The internal systems. These are required to have unique names.

  * `defaults`: The default values to use when initial conditions and/or parameters are not supplied in `ODEProblem`.

  * `torn_matching`: Tearing result specifying how to solve the system.

  * `connector_type`: Type of the system.

  * `preface`: Inject assignment statements before the evaluation of the RHS function.

  * `continuous_events`: A `Vector{SymbolicContinuousCallback}` that model events. The integrator will use root finding to guarantee that it steps at each zero crossing.

  * `discrete_events`: A `Vector{SymbolicDiscreteCallback}` that models events. Symbolic analog to `SciMLBase.DiscreteCallback` that executes an affect when a given condition is true at the end of an integration step.

  * `metadata`: Metadata for the system, to be used by downstream packages.

  * `gui_metadata`: Metadata for MTK GUI.

  * `tearing_state`: Cache for intermediate tearing state.

  * `substitutions`: Substitutions generated by tearing.

  * `complete`: If a model `sys` is complete, then `sys.x` no longer performs namespacing.

  * `discrete_subsystems`: A list of discrete subsystems.

  * `unknown_states`: A list of actual states needed to be solved by solvers. Only used for ODAEProblem.

  * `split_idxs`: A vector of vectors of indices for the split parameters.

  * `parent`: The hierarchical parent system before simplification.

# Example

```julia
using ModelingToolkit

@parameters σ ρ β
@variables t x(t) y(t) z(t)
D = Differential(t)

eqs = [D(x) ~ σ*(y-x),
       D(y) ~ x*(ρ-z)-y,
       D(z) ~ x*y - β*z]

@named de = ODESystem(eqs,t,[x,y,z],[σ,ρ,β],tspan=(0, 1000.0))
```
