```
pie(values; kwargs...)
pie(point, values; kwargs...)
pie(x, y, values; kwargs...)
```

Creates a pie chart from the given `values`.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `pie` function is `Pie`.

## Attributes

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `:gray`  — *No docs available.*

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`inner_radius`** =  `0`  — The inner radius of the pie segments. If this is larger than zero, the pie pieces become ring sections.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`normalize`** =  `true`  — If `true`, the sum of all values is normalized to 2π (a full circle).

**`offset`** =  `0`  — The angular offset of the first pie segment from the (1, 0) vector in radians.

**`offset_radius`** =  `0`  — The offset of each pie segment from the center along the radius

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`radius`** =  `1`  — The outer radius of the pie segments.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `:black`  — *No docs available.*

**`strokewidth`** =  `1`  — *No docs available.*

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`vertex_per_deg`** =  `1`  — Controls how many polygon vertices are used for one degree of rotation.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
