equalisecolourmap/equalizecolormap - Equalise colour contrast over a colour map

This function is used by cmap() and you would not normally call this function directly. However, you may want to try using this function to equalise the perceptual contrast of colour maps obtained from some other source.

```
Usage: newrgbmap = equalisecolourmap(rgblab, map, formula, W, sigma, diagnostics)
                   equalizecolormap(....

Arguments:     rgblab - String "RGB" or "LAB" indicating the type of data
                        in map.
                  map - A Nx3 RGB or CIELAB colour map
                        or an array of ColorTypes.RGBA{Float64} values
              formula - String "CIE76" or "CIEDE2000"
                    W - A 3-vector of weights to be applied to the
                        lightness, chroma and hue components of the
                        difference equation. It is recommended that you
                        use [1, 0, 0] to only take into account lightness.
                        If desired use  [1, 1, 1] for the full formula.
                        See note below.
                sigma - Optional Gaussian smoothing parameter, see
                        explanation below.
               cyclic - Boolean flag indicating whether the colour map is
                        cyclic. This affects how smoothing is applied at
                        the end points.
          diagnostics - Optional boolean flag indicating whether diagnostic
                        plots should be displayed.  Defaults to false.

Returns:    newrgbmap - RGB colour map adjusted so that the perceptual
                        contrast of colours along the colour map is constant.
                        This is a Nx3 Array of Float64 values.
```

Suggested parameters:

The CIE76 and CIEDE2000 colour difference formulas were developed for much lower spatial frequencies than we are typically interested in. Neither is ideal for our application.  The main thing to note is that at *fine* spatial frequencies perceptual contrast is dominated by *lightness* difference, chroma and hue are relatively unimportant.

For colour maps with a significant range of lightness use:

```
                       formula = "CIE76" or "CIEDE2000"
                             W = [1, 0, 0]  (Only correct for lightness)
                         sigma = 5 - 7
```

For isoluminant or low lightness gradient colour maps use:

```
                       formula = "CIE76"
                             W = [1, 1, 1]  (Correct for colour and lightness)
                         sigma = 5 - 7
```

Ideally, for a colour map to be effective the perceptual contrast along the colour map should be constant.  Many colour maps are very poor in this regard. Try testing your favourite colour map on the sineramp() test image.  The perceptual contrast is very much dominated by the contrast in colour lightness values along the map.  This function attempts to equalise the chosen perceptual contrast measure along a colour map by stretching and/or compressing sections of the colour map.

This function's primary use is for the correction of colour maps generated by cmap() however it can be applied to any colour map.  There are limitations to what this function can correct.  When applied to some of MATLAB's colour maps such as 'jet', 'hsv' and 'cool' you get colour discontinuity artifacts because these colour maps have segments that are nearly constant in lightness. However, it does a nice job of fixing up MATLAB's 'hot', 'winter', 'spring' and 'autumn' colour maps.  If you do see colour discontinuities in the resulting colour map try changing W from [1, 0, 0] to [1, 1, 1], or some intermediate weighting of [1, 0.5, 0.5], say.

Difference formula: Neither CIE76 or CIEDE2000 difference measures are ideal for the high spatial frequencies that we are interested in.  Empirically I find that CIEDE2000 seems to give slightly better results on colour maps where there is a significant lightness gradient (this applies to most colour maps). In this case you would be using a weighting vector W = [1, 0, 0].  For isoluminant, or low lightness gradient colour maps where one is using a weighting vector W = [1, 1, 1] CIE76 should be used as the CIEDE2000 chroma correction is inapropriate for the spatial frequencies we are interested in.

Weighting vetor W: The CIEDE2000 colour difference formula incorporates the scaling parameters kL, kC, kH in the demonimator of the lightness, chroma, and hue difference components respectively.  The 3 components of W correspond to the reciprocal of these 3 parameters.  (I do not know why they chose to put kL, kC, kH in the denominator. If you wanted to ignore, say, the chroma component you would have to set kC to Inf, rather than setting W[2] to 0 which seems more sensible to me).  If you are using CIE76 then W[2] amd W[3] are applied to the differences in a and b.  In this case you should ensure W[2] = W[3].  In general, for the spatial frequencies of interest to us, lightness differences are overwhelmingly more important than chroma or hue and W shoud be set to [1, 0, 0]

Smoothing parameter sigma: The output colour map will have lightness values of constant slope magnitude. However, it is possible that the sign of the slope may change, for example at the mid point of a bilateral colour map.  This slope discontinuity of lightness can induce a false apparent feature in the colour map.  A smaller effect is also occurs for slope discontinuities in a and b.  For such colour maps it can be useful to introduce a small amount of smoothing of the Lab values to soften the transition of sign in the slope to remove this apparent feature.  However in doing this one creates a small region of suppressed luminance contrast in the colour map which induces a 'blind spot' that compromises the visibility of features should they fall in that data range.  Accordingly the smoothing should be kept to a minimum.  A value of sigma in the range 5 to 7 in a 256 element colour map seems about right.  As a guideline sigma should not be more than about 1/25 of the number of entries in the colour map, preferably less.

Reference: Peter Kovesi. Good Colour Maps: How to Design Them. [arXiv:1509.03700 [cs.GR] 2015](https://arXiv:1509.03700)

See also: cmap, applycycliccolourmap, applydivergingcolourmap, sineramp, circlesineramp
