```
text(positions; text, kwargs...)
text(x, y; text, kwargs...)
text(x, y, z; text, kwargs...)
```

Plots one or multiple texts passed via the `text` keyword. `Text` uses the `PointBased` conversion trait.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `text` function is `Text`.

## Attributes

**`align`** =  `(:left, :bottom)`  — Sets the alignment of the string w.r.t. `position`. Uses `:left, :center, :right, :top, :bottom, :baseline` or fractions.

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit textcolor`  — Sets the color of the text. One can set one color per glyph by passing a `Vector{<:Colorant}`, or one colorant for the whole text. If color is a vector of numbers, the colormap args are used to map the numbers to colors.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`font`** =  `@inherit font`  — Sets the font. Can be a `Symbol` which will be looked up in the `fonts` dictionary or a `String` specifying the (partial) name of a font or the file path of a font file

**`fonts`** =  `@inherit fonts`  — Used as a dictionary to look up fonts specified by `Symbol`, for example `:regular`, `:bold` or `:italic`.

**`fontsize`** =  `@inherit fontsize`  — The fontsize in units depending on `markerspace`.

**`fxaa`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`glowcolor`** =  `(:black, 0.0)`  — Sets the color of the glow effect around the text.

**`glowwidth`** =  `0.0`  — Sets the size of a glow effect around the text.

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`justification`** =  `automatic`  — Sets the alignment of text w.r.t its bounding box. Can be `:left, :center, :right` or a fraction. Will default to the horizontal alignment in `align`.

**`lineheight`** =  `1.0`  — The lineheight multiplier.

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`markerspace`** =  `:pixel`  — Sets the space in which `fontsize` acts. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`offset`** =  `(0.0, 0.0)`  — The offset of the text from the given position in `markerspace` units.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`position`** =  `(0.0, 0.0)`  — Deprecated: Specifies the position of the text. Use the positional argument to `text` instead.

**`rotation`** =  `0.0`  — Rotates text around the given position

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `(:black, 0.0)`  — Sets the color of the outline around a marker.

**`strokewidth`** =  `0`  — Sets the width of the outline around a marker.

**`text`** =  `""`  — Specifies one piece of text or a vector of texts to show, where the number has to match the number of positions given. Makie supports `String` which is used for all normal text and `LaTeXString` which layouts mathematical expressions using `MathTeXEngine.jl`.

**`transform_marker`** =  `false`  — Controls whether the model matrix (without translation) applies to the glyph itself, rather than just the positions. (If this is true, `scale!` and `rotate!` will affect the text glyphs.)

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.

**`word_wrap_width`** =  `-1`  — Specifies a linewidth limit for text. If a word overflows this limit, a newline is inserted before it. Negative numbers disable word wrapping.
