```
oja(;input::AbstractString="", outdir::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, scale::AbstractString="ftt", pseudocount::Number=1f0, rowmeanlist::AbstractString="", rowvarlist::AbstractString="", colsumlist::AbstractString="", dim::Number=3, stepsize::Number=0.1, numepoch::Number=3, scheduling::AbstractString="robbins-monro", g::Number=0.9, epsilon::Number=1.0e-8, lower::Number=0, upper::Number=1.0f+38, expvar::Number=0.1f0, evalfreq::Number=5000, offsetFull::Number=1f-20, offsetStoch::Number=1f-6, initW::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, initV::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, logdir::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, perm::Bool=false, cper::Number=1f0)
```

Oja's method.

## Input Arguments

  * `input` : Julia Binary file generated by `OnlinePCA.csv2bin` function.
  * `outdir` : The directory specified the directory you want to save the result.
  * `scale` : {log,ftt,raw}-scaling of the value.
  * `pseudocount` : The number specified to avoid NaN by log10(0) and used when `Feature_LogMeans.csv` <log10(mean+pseudocount) value of each feature> is generated.
  * `rowmeanlist` : The mean of each row of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `rowvarlist` : The variance of each row of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `colsumlist` : The sum of counts of each columns of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `dim` : The number of dimension of PCA.
  * `stepsize` : The parameter used in every iteration.
  * `numepoch` : The number of epoch.
  * `scheduling` : Learning parameter scheduling. `robbins-monro`, `momentum`, `nag`, and `adagrad` are available.
  * `g` : The parameter that is used when scheduling is specified as nag.
  * `epsilon` : The parameter that is used when scheduling is specified as adagrad.
  * `lower` : Stopping Criteria (When the relative change of error is below this value, the calculation is terminated)
  * `upper` : Stopping Criteria (When the relative change of error is above this value, the calculation is terminated)
  * `evalfreq` : Evaluation Frequency of Reconstruction Error
  * `offsetFull` : Off set value for avoding overflow when calculating full gradient
  * `offsetStoch` : Off set value for avoding overflow when calculating stochastic gradient
  * `initW` : The CSV file saving the initial values of eigenvectors.
  * `initV` : The CSV file saving the initial values of loadings.
  * `logdir` : The directory where intermediate files are saved, in every evalfreq (e.g. 5000) iteration.
  * `perm` : Whether the data matrix is shuffled at random.
  * `cper` : Count per X (e.g. CPM: Count per million <1e+6>)

## Output Arguments

  * `W` : Eigen vectors of covariance matrix (No. columns of the data matrix × dim)
  * `λ` : Eigen values (dim × dim)
  * `V` : Loading vectors of covariance matrix (No. rows of the data matrix × dim)
  * `Scores` : Principal component scores
  * `ExpVar` : Explained variance by the eigenvectors
  * `TotalVar` : Total variance of the data matrix
  * stop : Whether the calculation is converged

## Reference

  * SGD-PCA（Oja's method) : [Erkki Oja et. al., 1985](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0022247X85901313), [Erkki Oja, 1992](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608005800899)
