Source: FMISpec2.0.2[p.48]: 2.2.7 Definition of Model Variables (ModelVariables)

Enumeration that defines the causality of the variable. Allowed values of this enumeration:

"parameter": Independent parameter (a data value that is constant during the simulation and is provided by the environment and cannot be used in connections). variability must be "fixed" or "tunable". initial must be exact or not present (meaning exact). "calculatedParameter": A data value that is constant during the simulation and is computed during initialization or when tunable parameters change. variability must be "fixed" or "tunable". initial must be "approx", "calculated" or not present (meaning calculated). "input": The variable value can be provided from another model or slave. It is not allowed to define initial. "output": The variable value can be used by another model or slave. The algebraic relationship to the inputs is defined via the dependencies attribute of <fmiModelDescription><ModelStructure><Outputs><Unknown>. "local": Local variable that is calculated from other variables or is a continuous-time state (see section 2.2.8). It is not allowed to use the variable value in another model or slave. "independent": The independent variable (usually “time”). All variables are a function of this independent variable. variability must be "continuous". At most one ScalarVariable of an FMU can be defined as "independent". If no variable is defined as "independent", it is implicitly present with name = "time" and unit = "s". If one variable is defined as "independent", it must be defined as "Real" without a "start" attribute. It is not allowed to call function fmi2SetReal on an "independent" variable. Instead, its value is initialized with fmi2SetupExperiment and after initialization set by fmi2SetTime for ModelExchange and by arguments currentCommunicationPoint and communicationStepSize of fmi2DoStep for CoSimulation. [The actual value can be inquired with fmi2GetReal.] The default of causality is “local”. A continuous-time state must have causality = "local" or "output", see also section 2.2.8. [causality = "calculatedParameter" and causality = "local" with variability = "fixed" or "tunable" are similar. The difference is that a calculatedParameter can be used in another model or slave, whereas a local variable cannot. For example, when importing an FMU in a Modelica environment, a "calculatedParameter" should be imported in a public section as final parameter, whereas a "local" variable should be imported in a protected section of the model.] Added prefix "fmi2" to help with redefinition of constans in enums.
