```
tricontourf(triangles::Triangulation, zs; kwargs...)
tricontourf(xs, ys, zs; kwargs...)
```

Plots a filled tricontour of the height information in `zs` at the horizontal positions `xs` and vertical positions `ys`. A `Triangulation` from DelaunayTriangulation.jl can also be provided instead of `xs` and `ys` for specifying the triangles, otherwise an unconstrained triangulation of `xs` and `ys` is computed.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `tricontourf` function is `Tricontourf`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap`  — Sets the colormap from which the band colors are sampled.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — Color transform function

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`edges`** =  `nothing`  — *No docs available.*

**`extendhigh`** =  `nothing`  — This sets the color of an optional additional band from the highest value of `levels` to `maximum(zs)`. If it's `:auto`, the high end of the colormap is picked and the remaining colors are shifted accordingly. If it's any color representation, this color is used. If it's `nothing`, no band is added.

**`extendlow`** =  `nothing`  — This sets the color of an optional additional band from `minimum(zs)` to the lowest value in `levels`. If it's `:auto`, the lower end of the colormap is picked and the remaining colors are shifted accordingly. If it's any color representation, this color is used. If it's `nothing`, no band is added.

**`fxaa`** =  `true`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`levels`** =  `10`  — Can be either an `Int` which results in n bands delimited by n+1 equally spaced levels, or it can be an `AbstractVector{<:Real}` that lists n consecutive edges from low to high, which result in n-1 bands.

**`mode`** =  `:normal`  — Sets the way in which a vector of levels is interpreted, if it's set to `:relative`, each number is interpreted as a fraction between the minimum and maximum values of `zs`. For example, `levels = 0.1:0.1:1.0` would exclude the lower 10% of data.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — *No docs available.*

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`triangulation`** =  `DelaunayTriangulation()`  — The mode with which the points in `xs` and `ys` are triangulated. Passing `DelaunayTriangulation()` performs a Delaunay triangulation. You can also pass a preexisting triangulation as an `AbstractMatrix{<:Int}` with size (3, n), where each column specifies the vertex indices of one triangle, or as a `Triangulation` from DelaunayTriangulation.jl.

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
