```
orthiter(;input::AbstractString="", outdir::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, scale::AbstractString="ftt", pseudocount::Number=1f0, rowmeanlist::AbstractString="", rowvarlist::AbstractString="",colsumlist::AbstractString="", dim::Number=3, numepoch::Number=10, lower::Number=0, upper::Number=1.0f+38, expvar::Number=0.1f0, initW::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, initV::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, logdir::Union{Nothing,AbstractString}=nothing, perm::Bool=false, cper::Number=1f0)
```

Orthogonal iteration, also known as block power method, subspace iteration or simultaneous iteration, ...etc.

## Input Arguments

  * `input` : Julia Binary file generated by `OnlinePCA.csv2bin` function.
  * `outdir` : The directory specified the directory you want to save the result.
  * `scale` : {log,ftt,raw}-scaling of the value.
  * `pseudocount` : The number specified to avoid NaN by log10(0) and used when `Feature_LogMeans.csv` <log10(mean+pseudocount) value of each feature> is generated.
  * `rowmeanlist` : The mean of each row of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `rowvarlist` : The variance of each row of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `colsumlist` : The sum of counts of each columns of matrix. The CSV file is generated by `OnlinePCA.sumr` functions.
  * `dim` : The number of dimension of PCA.
  * `numepoch` : The number of epoch.
  * `lower` : Stopping Criteria (When the relative change of error is below this value, the calculation is terminated)
  * `upper` : Stopping Criteria (When the relative change of error is above this value, the calculation is terminated)
  * `initW` : The CSV file saving the initial values of eigenvectors.
  * `initV` : The CSV file saving the initial values of loadings.
  * `logdir` : The directory where intermediate files are saved, in every evalfreq (e.g. 5000) iteration.
  * `perm` : Whether the data matrix is shuffled at random.
  * `cper` : Count per X (e.g. CPM: Count per million <1e+6>)

## Output Arguments

  * `W` : Eigen vectors of covariance matrix (No. columns of the data matrix × dim)
  * `λ` : Eigen values (dim × dim)
  * `V` : Loading vectors of covariance matrix (No. rows of the data matrix × dim)
  * `Scores` : Principal component scores
  * `ExpVar` : Explained variance by the eigenvectors
  * `TotalVar` : Total variance of the data matrix
  * stop : Whether the calculation is converged
