```
edf_to_onda_samples(edf::EDF.File, plan_table; validate=true, dither_storage=missing)
```

Convert Signals found in an EDF File to `Onda.Samples` according to the plan specified in `plan_table` (e.g., as generated by [`plan_edf_to_onda_samples`](@ref)).  Returns a [`Vector{ConvertedSamples}`](@ref ConvertedSamples); use [`get_plan`](@ref) and [`get_samples`](@ref) to extract the executed plan and `Onda.Samples` respectively.

The input plan is transformed by using [`merge_samples_info`](@ref) to combine rows with the same `:sensor_label` into a common `Onda.SamplesInfo`.  Then [`OndaEDF.onda_samples_from_edf_signals`](@ref) is used to combine the EDF signals data into a single `Onda.Samples` per group.

Any errors that occur are shown as `String`s (with backtrace) and inserted into the `:error` column for the corresponding rows from the plan.

Samples are returned in the order that their corresponding `:sensor_label` occurs in the plan.  All EDF Signals from the plan with the same plan `:sensor_label` are combined into a single `Onda.Samples`, in order of `:edf_signal_index`.  Signals that could not be matched, where `:sensor_label` is `missing`, or otherwise caused an error during execution are not returned.

If `validate=true` (the default), the plan is validated against the [`FilePlanV4`](@ref) schema, and the signal headers in the `EDF.File`.

If `dither_storage=missing` (the default), dither storage is allocated automatically as specified in the docstring for `Onda.encode`. `dither_storage=nothing` disables dithering.

!!! warning
    Returned samples are integer-encoded. If these samples are being serialized out (e.g. via `Onda.store!`) this is not an issue, but if the samples are being immediately analyzed in memory, call `Onda.decode` to decode them to recover the time-series voltages.

