No docstring defined.

## Plot type

The plot type alias for the `ecdfplotfull` function is `ECDFPlotFull`.

## Attributes

**`alpha`** =  `1.0`  — The alpha value of the colormap or color attribute. Multiple alphas like in `plot(alpha=0.2, color=(:red, 0.5)`, will get multiplied.

**`clip_planes`** =  `automatic`  — Clip planes offer a way to do clipping in 3D space. You can set a Vector of up to 8 `Plane3f` planes here, behind which plots will be clipped (i.e. become invisible). By default clip planes are inherited from the parent plot or scene. You can remove parent `clip_planes` by passing `Plane3f[]`.

**`color`** =  `@inherit linecolor`  — The color of the line.

**`colormap`** =  `@inherit colormap :viridis`  — Sets the colormap that is sampled for numeric `color`s. `PlotUtils.cgrad(...)`, `Makie.Reverse(any_colormap)` can be used as well, or any symbol from ColorBrewer or PlotUtils. To see all available color gradients, you can call `Makie.available_gradients()`.

**`colorrange`** =  `automatic`  — The values representing the start and end points of `colormap`.

**`colorscale`** =  `identity`  — The color transform function. Can be any function, but only works well together with `Colorbar` for `identity`, `log`, `log2`, `log10`, `sqrt`, `logit`, `Makie.pseudolog10` and `Makie.Symlog10`.

**`cycle`** =  `[:color]`  — Sets which attributes to cycle when creating multiple plots.

**`depth_shift`** =  `0.0`  — Adjusts the depth value of a plot after all other transformations, i.e. in clip space, where `-1 <= depth <= 1`. This only applies to GLMakie and WGLMakie and can be used to adjust render order (like a tunable overdraw).

**`depthsorting`** =  `false`  — Enables depth-sorting of markers which can improve border artifacts. Currently supported in GLMakie only.

**`distancefield`** =  `nothing`  — Optional distancefield used for e.g. font and bezier path rendering. Will get set automatically.

**`font`** =  `@inherit markerfont`  — Sets the font used for character markers. Can be a `String` specifying the (partial) name of a font or the file path of a font file

**`fxaa`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with fxaa (anti-aliasing, GLMakie only).

**`glowcolor`** =  `(:black, 0.0)`  — Sets the color of the glow effect around the marker.

**`glowwidth`** =  `0.0`  — Sets the size of a glow effect around the marker.

**`highclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value above the colorrange.

**`inspectable`** =  `@inherit inspectable`  — Sets whether this plot should be seen by `DataInspector`. The default depends on the theme of the parent scene.

**`inspector_clear`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot) -> ...` for cleaning up custom indicators in DataInspector.

**`inspector_hover`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(inspector, plot, index) -> ...` which replaces the default `show_data` methods.

**`inspector_label`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a callback function `(plot, index, position) -> string` which replaces the default label generated by DataInspector.

**`joinstyle`** =  `@inherit joinstyle`  — Controls the rendering at corners. Options are `:miter` for sharp corners, `:bevel` for "cut off" corners, and `:round` for rounded corners. If the corner angle is below `miter_limit`, `:miter` is equivalent to `:bevel` to avoid long spikes.

**`linecap`** =  `@inherit linecap`  — Sets the type of line cap used. Options are `:butt` (flat without extrusion), `:square` (flat with half a linewidth extrusion) or `:round`.

**`linestyle`** =  `nothing`  — Sets the dash pattern of the line. Options are `:solid` (equivalent to `nothing`), `:dot`, `:dash`, `:dashdot` and `:dashdotdot`. These can also be given in a tuple with a gap style modifier, either `:normal`, `:dense` or `:loose`. For example, `(:dot, :loose)` or `(:dashdot, :dense)`.

For custom patterns have a look at [`Makie.Linestyle`](@ref).

**`linewidth`** =  `@inherit linewidth`  — Sets the width of the line in screen units

**`lowclip`** =  `automatic`  — The color for any value below the colorrange.

**`marker`** =  `@inherit marker`  — Sets the scatter marker.

**`marker_offset`** =  `Vec3f(0)`  — The offset of the marker from the given position in `markerspace` units. An offset of 0 corresponds to a centered marker.

**`markersize`** =  `@inherit markersize`  — Sets the size of the marker by scaling it relative to its base size which can differ for each marker. A `Real` scales x and y dimensions by the same amount. A `Vec` or `Tuple` with two elements scales x and y separately. An array of either scales each marker separately. Humans perceive the area of a marker as its size which grows quadratically with `markersize`, so multiplying `markersize` by 2 results in a marker that is 4 times as large, visually.

**`markerspace`** =  `:pixel`  — Sets the space in which `markersize` is given. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs

**`miter_limit`** =  `@inherit miter_limit`  — Sets the minimum inner join angle below which miter joins truncate. See also `Makie.miter_distance_to_angle`.

**`model`** =  `automatic`  — Sets a model matrix for the plot. This overrides adjustments made with `translate!`, `rotate!` and `scale!`.

**`nan_color`** =  `:transparent`  — The color for NaN values.

**`overdraw`** =  `false`  — Controls if the plot will draw over other plots. This specifically means ignoring depth checks in GL backends

**`rev`** =  `false`  — *No docs available.*

**`rotation`** =  `Billboard()`  — Sets the rotation of the marker. A `Billboard` rotation is always around the depth axis.

**`space`** =  `:data`  — Sets the transformation space for box encompassing the plot. See `Makie.spaces()` for possible inputs.

**`ssao`** =  `false`  — Adjusts whether the plot is rendered with ssao (screen space ambient occlusion). Note that this only makes sense in 3D plots and is only applicable with `fxaa = true`.

**`strokecolor`** =  `@inherit markerstrokecolor`  — Sets the color of the outline around a marker.

**`strokewidth`** =  `@inherit markerstrokewidth`  — Sets the width of the outline around a marker.

**`transform_marker`** =  `false`  — Controls whether the model matrix (without translation) applies to the marker itself, rather than just the positions. (If this is true, `scale!` and `rotate!` will affect the marker.

**`transformation`** =  `:automatic`  — *No docs available.*

**`transparency`** =  `false`  — Adjusts how the plot deals with transparency. In GLMakie `transparency = true` results in using Order Independent Transparency.

**`uv_offset_width`** =  `(0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0)`  — *No docs available.*

**`visible`** =  `true`  — Controls whether the plot will be rendered or not.
