```
CountBy(property::AbstractString) <: QueryOperation
```

A query operation that generates a matrix of counts of combinations of pairs of values for the same entries of an axis. That is, it follows fetching some vector property, and is followed by fetching a second vector property of the same axis. The result is a matrix whose rows are the values of the 1st property and the columns are the values of the 2nd property, and the values are the number of times the combination of values appears. In a string [`Query`](@ref), this is specified using the `*` operator, followed by the property name to look up (e.g., `/ cell : type * batch` will generate a matrix whose rows correspond to cell types, whose columns correspond to cell batches, and whose values are the number of cells of each combination of batch and type).

By default, the rows and/or columns only contain actually seen values and are ordered alphabetically. However, it is common that one or both of the properties correspond to an axis. In this case, you can use an [`AsAxis`](@ref) suffix to force the rows and/or columns of the matrix to be exactly the entries of the specific axis (e.g., `/ cell : type ! * batch` will generate a matrix whose rows are exactly the entries of the `type` axis, even if there is a type without any cells). This is especially useful when both properties are axes, as the result can be stored as a matrix property (e.g., `/ cell : type ! * batch !` will generate a matrix whose rows are the entries of the type axis, and whose columns are the entries of the batch axis, so it can be given to `set_matrix!(daf, "type", "batch", ...)`).

The raw counts matrix can be post-processed like any other matrix (using [`ReductionOperation`](@ref) or an [`EltwiseOperation`](@ref)). This allows computing useful aggregate properties (e.g., `/ cell : type * batch % Fractions` will generate a matrix whose columns correspond to batches and whose rows are the fraction of the cells from each type within each batch).
