```
Layer <: Any
```

An instance of the `Layer` type represents a single dielectric layer of the physical structure. It contains the electrical properties of the dielectric layer. For layers not included in a Gblock, an instance of Layer also specifies the periodicity (via the reciprocal lattice vectors) and stores the mode constants for the Floquet modes present  in the layer. 

```
Layer(;width::0mm, ϵᵣ=1.0, tanδ=0.0, μᵣ=1.0, mtanδ=0.0)
Layer(;width::0mm, epsr=1.0, tandel=0.0, mur=1.0, mtandel=0.0)
```

Create a `Layer` instance with the specified electrical properties.  All arguments are optional keyword arguments with default values as shown above. They can be  supplied in any order.  Typically the first and last `Layer` in a composite FSS or PSSFSS structure are generated by a call to `Layer()` to represent the semi-infinite vacuum  regions surrounding the structure.  Using the default `width` of `0mm` means that the phase reference planes are located at the surfaces just adjacent to these semi-infinite end `Layer`s.

# Arguments

  * `width`: The layer width (i.e. thickness) expressed as a        [`Unitful`](https://github.com/timholy/Unitful.jl)        length quantity. For convenience the following unit       suffixes are exported by this module: `m`, `cm`, `mil`, `inch`,       so one can specify, e.g., `width=20mil`.  Note that `width` can        be negative for the first and/or final layer of the composite structure,       which has the effect of shifting the phase reference plane towards       the interior of the composite structure.  This is sometimes needed        when interfacing with other programs, such as TEP file generation for       Ticra's `GRASP` program.
  * `ϵᵣ` or `epsr`: Relative permittivity of the dielectric.
  * `tanδ` or `tandel`: Loss tangent (electrical) of the dielectric.
  * `μᵣ` or `mur`: Relative permeability of the dielectric.
  * `mtanδ` or `mtandel`: Loss tangent (magnetic) of the dielectric.
