```
@did [option option=val ...] "name" args... kwargs...
```

Conduct difference-in-differences estimation with the specified arguments. The order of the arguments is irrelevant.

# Arguments

  * `[option option=val ...]`: optional settings for @did including keyword arguments passed to an instance of [`StatsSpec`](@ref).
  * `name::AbstractString`: an optional name for the [`StatsSpec`](@ref).
  * `args... kwargs...`: a list of arguments to be processed by [`parse_didargs!`](@ref) and [`valid_didargs`](@ref).

# Notes

When expanded outside [`@specset`](@ref), a [`StatsSpec`](@ref) is constructed and then estimated by calling this instance. Options for [`StatsSpec`] can be provided in a bracket `[...]` as the first argument after `@did` with each option separated by white space. For options that take a Boolean value, specifying the name of the option is enough for setting the value to be true. By default, only a result object that is a subtype of [`DIDResult`](@ref) is returned.

When expanded inside [`@specset`](@ref), `@did` informs [`@specset`](@ref) the methods for processing the arguments. Any option specified in the bracket is ignored.

Options for the behavior of `@did` can be provided in a bracket `[...]` as the first argument with each option separated by white space. For options that take a Boolean value, specifying the name of the option is enough for setting the value to be true.

The following options are available for altering the behavior of `@did`:

  * `noproceed::Bool=false`: return the constructed [`StatsSpec`](@ref) without conducting the procedure.
  * `verbose::Bool=false`: print the name of each step when it is called.
  * `keep=nothing`: names (of type `Symbol`) of additional objects to be returned.
  * `keepall::Bool=false`: return all objects generated by procedures along with arguments from the [`StatsSpec`](@ref)s.
  * `pause::Int=0`: break the iteration over [`StatsStep`](@ref)s after finishing the specified number of steps (for debugging).
