```
@refunit(symb, abbr, name, dimension, tf, autodocs=false)
```

Define a reference unit, typically SI. Rather than define conversion factors between each and every unit of a given dimension, conversion factors are given between each unit and a reference unit, defined by this macro.

This macro extends [`Unitful.abbr`](@ref) so that the reference unit can be displayed in an abbreviated format. If `tf == true`, this macro generates symbols for every power of ten of the unit, using the standard SI prefixes. A `dimension` must be given ([`Unitful.Dimensions`](@ref) object) that specifies the dimension of the reference unit. If `autodocs == true`, autogenerated docstrings for SI-prefixed units will be added. This option has no effect when `tf == false`.

!!! compat "Unitful 1.10"
    Documenting the resulting unit by adding a docstring before the `@refunit` call requires Unitful 1.10 or later. The `autodocs` argument also requires Unitful 1.10 or later.


In principle, users can use this macro, but it probably does not make much sense to do so. If you define a new (probably unphysical) dimension using [`@dimension`](@ref), then this macro will be necessary. With existing dimensions, you will almost certainly cause confusion if you use this macro. One potential use case would be to define a unit system without reference to SI. However, there's no explicit barrier to prevent attempting conversions between SI and this hypothetical unit system, which could yield unexpected results.

Note that this macro will also choose the new unit (no power-of-ten prefix) as the default unit for promotion given this dimension.

Returns the [`Unitful.FreeUnits`](@ref) object to which `symb` is bound.

Usage example: `@refunit m "m" Meter 𝐋 true`

This example, found in `src/pkgdefaults.jl`, generates `km`, `m`, `cm`, ...
