```julia
struct NonlinearSystem <: ModelingToolkit.AbstractTimeIndependentSystem
```

A nonlinear system of equations.

# Fields

  * `tag`: A tag for the system. If two systems have the same tag, then they are structurally identical.

  * `eqs`: Vector of equations defining the system.
  * `unknowns`: Unknown variables.
  * `ps`: Parameters.
  * `var_to_name`: Array variables.
  * `observed`: Observed equations.
  * `jac`: Jacobian matrix. Note: this field will not be defined until [`calculate_jacobian`](@ref) is called on the system.

  * `name`: The name of the system.

  * `description`: A description of the system.

  * `systems`: The internal systems. These are required to have unique names.

  * `defaults`: The default values to use when initial conditions and/or parameters are not supplied in `ODEProblem`.

  * `guesses`: The guesses to use as the initial conditions for the initialization system.

  * `initializesystem`: The system for performing the initialization.

  * `initialization_eqs`: Extra equations to be enforced during the initialization sequence.

  * `connector_type`: Type of the system.

  * `parameter_dependencies`: Topologically sorted parameter dependency equations, where all symbols are parameters and the LHS is a single parameter.

  * `metadata`: Metadata for the system, to be used by downstream packages.

  * `gui_metadata`: Metadata for MTK GUI.

  * `is_initializesystem`: Whether this is an initialization system.

  * `tearing_state`: Cache for intermediate tearing state.

  * `substitutions`: Substitutions generated by tearing.

  * `namespacing`: If false, then `sys.x` no longer performs namespacing.

  * `complete`: If true, denotes the model will not be modified any further.

  * `index_cache`: Cached data for fast symbolic indexing.

  * `parent`: The hierarchical parent system before simplification.

  * `isscheduled`

# Examples

```julia
@variables x y z
@parameters σ ρ β

eqs = [0 ~ σ*(y-x),
       0 ~ x*(ρ-z)-y,
       0 ~ x*y - β*z]
@named ns = NonlinearSystem(eqs, [x,y,z],[σ,ρ,β])
```
