```
BSplineApprox(u, t, d, h, pVecType, knotVecType; extrapolation::ExtrapolationType.T = ExtrapolationType.None, extrapolation_left::ExtrapolationType.T = ExtrapolationType.None,
    extrapolation_right::ExtrapolationType.T = ExtrapolationType.None)
```

It is a regression based B-spline. The argument choices are the same as the `BSplineInterpolation`, with the additional parameter `h < length(t)` which is the number of control points to use, with smaller `h` indicating more smoothing. For more information, refer [http://www.cad.zju.edu.cn/home/zhx/GM/009/00-bsia.pdf](http://www.cad.zju.edu.cn/home/zhx/GM/009/00-bsia.pdf). Extrapolation is a constant polynomial of the end points on each side.

## Arguments

  * `u`: data points.
  * `t`: time points.
  * `d`: degree of the piecewise polynomial.
  * `h`: number of control points to use.
  * `pVecType`: symbol to parameters vector, `:Uniform` for uniform spaced parameters and `:ArcLen` for parameters generated by chord length method.
  * `knotVecType`: symbol to knot vector, `:Uniform` for uniform knot vector, `:Average` for average spaced knot vector.

## Keyword Arguments

  * `extrapolation`: The extrapolation type applied left and right of the data. Possible options are `ExtrapolationType.None` (default), `ExtrapolationType.Constant`, `ExtrapolationType.Linear` `ExtrapolationType.Extension`, `ExtrapolationType.Periodic` and `ExtrapolationType.Reflective`.
  * `extrapolation_left`: The extrapolation type applied left of the data. See `extrapolation` for the possible options. This keyword is ignored if `extrapolation != Extrapolation.none`.
  * `extrapolation_right`: The extrapolation type applied right of the data. See `extrapolation` for the possible options. This keyword is ignored if `extrapolation != Extrapolation.none`.
  * `assume_linear_t`: boolean value to specify a faster index lookup behaviour for evenly-distributed abscissae. Alternatively, a numerical threshold may be specified for a test based on the normalized standard deviation of the difference with respect to the straight line (see [`looks_linear`](@ref)). Defaults to 1e-2.
