```julia
struct ImplicitDiscreteSystem <: ModelingToolkit.AbstractDiscreteSystem
```

An implicit system of difference equations.

# Fields

  * `tag`: A tag for the system. If two systems have the same tag, then they are structurally identical.

  * `eqs`: The difference equations defining the discrete system.
  * `iv`: Independent variable.
  * `unknowns`: Dependent (state) variables. Must not contain the independent variable.
  * `ps`: Parameter variables. Must not contain the independent variable.
  * `tspan`: Time span.
  * `var_to_name`: Array variables.
  * `observed`: Observed states.
  * `name`: The name of the system

  * `description`: A description of the system.

  * `systems`: The internal systems. These are required to have unique names.

  * `defaults`: The default values to use when initial conditions and/or parameters are not supplied in `ImplicitDiscreteProblem`.

  * `guesses`: The guesses to use as the initial conditions for the initialization system.

  * `initializesystem`: The system for performing the initialization.

  * `initialization_eqs`: Extra equations to be enforced during the initialization sequence.

  * `preface`: Inject assignment statements before the evaluation of the RHS function.

  * `connector_type`: Type of the system.

  * `parameter_dependencies`: Topologically sorted parameter dependency equations, where all symbols are parameters and the LHS is a single parameter.

  * `metadata`: Metadata for the system, to be used by downstream packages.

  * `gui_metadata`: Metadata for MTK GUI.

  * `tearing_state`: Cache for intermediate tearing state.

  * `substitutions`: Substitutions generated by tearing.

  * `namespacing`: If false, then `sys.x` no longer performs namespacing.

  * `complete`: If true, denotes the model will not be modified any further.

  * `index_cache`: Cached data for fast symbolic indexing.

  * `parent`: The hierarchical parent system before simplification.

  * `isscheduled`

# Example

```
using ModelingToolkit
using ModelingToolkit: t_nounits as t
@parameters σ=28.0 ρ=10.0 β=8/3 δt=0.1
@variables x(t)=1.0 y(t)=0.0 z(t)=0.0
k = ShiftIndex(t)
eqs = [x ~ σ*(y-x(k-1)),
       y ~ x(k-1)*(ρ-z(k-1))-y,
       z ~ x(k-1)*y(k-1) - β*z]
@named ide = ImplicitDiscreteSystem(eqs,t,[x,y,z],[σ,ρ,β]; tspan = (0, 1000.0))
```
