Types of cached data inside `Daf`.

  * `MappedData` - memory-mapped disk data. This is the cheapest data, as it doesn't put pressure on the garbage collector. It requires some OS resources to maintain the mapping, and physical memory for the subset of the data that is actually being accessed. That is, one can memory map larger data than the physical memory, and performance will be good, as long as the subset of the data that is actually accessed is small enough to fit in memory. If it isn't, the performance will drop (a lot!) because the OS will be continuously reading data pages from disk - but it will not crash due to an out of memory error. It is very important not to re-map the same data twice because that causes all sort of inefficiencies and edge cases in the hardware and low-level software.
  * `MemoryData` - a copy of data (from disk, or computed). This does pressure the garbage collector and can cause out of memory errors. However, recomputing or re-fetching the data from disk is slow, so caching this data is crucial for performance.
  * `QueryData` - data that is computed by queries based on stored data (e.g., masked data, or results of a reduction or an element-wise operation). This again takes up application memory and may cause out of memory errors, but it is very useful to cache the results when the same query is executed multiple times (e.g., when using views). Manually executing queries therefore allows to explicitly disable the caching of the query results, since some queries will not be repeated.

If too much data has been cached, call [`empty_cache!`](@ref) to release it.
